disable polar rotation drag when dragmode = false (#6147)
plotly/plotly.js: draftlogs/6147_fix.md

> - Disable polar rotation drag when dragmode = false [[#6147](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/6147)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fix for disabling polar rotation when `dragmode` is set to false [[#6147](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/6147)],
   with thanks to @jonfunkhouser for the contribution!
```
